Welcome to Folio Budget Report!

This document aims to help guide an end-user in the daily or regular use of
this tool. Please feel free to reach out if you have any questions.

TABLE OF CONTENTS:
    1. PURPOSE
    2. EXPORTING CSV DATA
    3. SELECTING A CUTOFF DATE
    4. GENERAL WORKFLOW
    5. CREDITS AND CLOSING

PURPOSE:
This program is intended to take the invoice data exported from the FOLIO
desktop client in the form of a CSV file, extract the relevant columns of
information, and process the data in order to generate a monthly XLSX budget
report for the library. It does not directly interface with the FOLIO client
API; rather, it takes the raw data exported from FOLIO and processes it
locally.

EXPORTING CSV DATA:
At the time of writing, the steps to export the invoice data from the FOLIO
desktop client are listed down below.
    1. Log into "https://mobius.folio.ebsco.com" using an account which has
        permission to export invoice data.
    2. Navigate to the "Invoices" action, which may be under the "Apps"
        dropdown menu if not immediately seen on the top bar of the website.
    3. Navigate down the left-side filters to filter for the current fiscal
        year (at the time of writing, the current fiscal year is "FY2025").
    4. Click the blue "Actions" dropdown menu in the top right-hand corner
        of the screen, under the account name and information.
    5. Click "Export to CSV" or something similar to download the raw data.
Please note: The program searches for certain headers in order to process the
data correctly and efficiently. Please ensure that the following columns are
present EXACTLY AS WRITTEN, otherwise the program will not function as
intended.
    - "Total" : The total monetary amount of the expenditure.
    - "Invoice date" : The date of the expenditure, used to calculate what is
        before and after the cutoff date.
    - "Invoice line fund distributions" : The merging of 4 separate columns,
        the relevant information that is extracted is the "Title" or "Subfund"
        information.

SELECTING A CUTOFF DATE:
Selecting a cutoff date is a simple process of navigating the calendar on the
main screen of the program to the desired date and clicking it normally.
Any expenditure BEFORE the cutoff date will NOT be counted towards the Current
Expenditures while anything AFTER the cutoff date WILL count (e.g. January 2025
is BEFORE February 2025, February 2025 is AFTER January 2025).

GENERAL WORKFLOW:
Below is an example of the general workflow of the program during a normal and
intended use case.
    1. The raw invoice data is exported from FOLIO using the steps provided
        under "EXPORTING CSV DATA" to a CSV file located in the "Downloads"
        folder under the home directory of a local machine.
    2. The program executable is opened.
    3. The name of the export file is typed into the "Input filename" field OR
        The file is found through the "Find file..." window feature of the
        program.
    4. A cutoff date is chosen using the calendar on the main screen of the
        program.
    5. The program is executed with "Enter", and a report is generated in the
        executable's current working directory.

CREDITS AND CLOSING:
Developed for use and further development on Windows using Python 3.12+.

Developed by Pickler Memorial Library, Truman State University.

More information can be found by reading the user and developer manuals
associated with the release.

Text originally published 2025-01-30, v1.0.0.
Last updated 2025-01-30, v1.0.0.
Raw ver. info. (for tracking development): Z2l0aHViQGphcS1sYWduaXJhYw==